hello in touch elder xiv in this
video tutorial i would like to tell you about
Such a program is a very good program
if for example you forgot your password to enter
the computer we do as follows
then I’ll show you the type
password I put this program so
lay out under the video lessons this image
program download and burn to a disc at
I have this CD-R drive already written in
computer importance write it down so
shows write will not I think
you can do it
the program works with all
windows xp operating systems
windows 7 7 of 8
personally tested experimenting means
We will see me sometimes water will
here is such a mutation wrong password yes
all types forgot before rebooting
we go in bios still fingers and went in yet
if so here I went to the bios key
del and choose sit
this program can be recorded on
USB flash drive anywhere
disk
it is advisable to write sit on because
that some drives just do not read
9 no ruler old computers
I went to download
what is not the key to press the download went
Now I will show that there is a video when instead
sometimes union was type
we have not forgotten something just for you
we show a very convenient father's program
write to disk via ultraiso or
fair
such a boot program
works with absolutely everyone
operating systems
recently windows 8 tested without problems
sometimes drops
like that is up to with bras that is now
it will load for any your ask
for example there edinichku any there
sometimes ask now this kind of me
for example the password there is 1986
I'll just put it there now
one and all
Anyone can put it and will be entering
our computer and then it will be possible
control panel change so here it is
the program is called it by skype so
times from windows passe and reset
choose Russian language nothing with them
push further further so so so
what does it mean that we choose here in
principle
Well, in principle, choose your name
computer if the name you do not know you can
with everyone
to experiment will no longer have
I am exactly an example I have that is
just see your computer name
which one
yes, under my unit, I click on
do not change anything here and put for example
yedinichku press the reset push with
wife
we press the safe and all we press the exit
drive principle i can already pull out
here the computer restarts
drives removed
disappear I enter which I invented
password
or rather who asked this program
I press enter as you see my
password came up new which i just
I came up with this program she Unit
You can plow out three twos and
now as we see yes we went
and now in the panel go to the panel
control you can now come in after giving
computer control panel is mine
windows 7 account stopped
deleting your password is done because
that i don't need
current password requires i.e. one
Yes, as we asked in this program
remove the password then now if i
restart now show
Pulley as we will not
this
video lesson was for dummies I will call it
video means call this video lessons
just a video lesson though not on gas
numbered because first on dear
how to burn a disk with windows xp image
The second video was how to install and
windows xp
This will be the third video lesson not
call him how to reset the password
if forgot from windows 7 xp eight
like this by stas alekseev
as you can see, they loaded without problems